Adding "Run now" text (#17166)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/_index.md

5. Choose a storage account, container, and directory for the exports.
6. Select **Create**.

Repeat steps one to six for Metric: **Amortized Cost (usage and purchases)**. Datadog recommends using the same storage container for both exports. For faster processing, generate the first exports manually by clicking **Run Now**.

> {{< img src="cloud_cost/run_now.png" alt="Click Run Now button in export side panel to make export generate "  >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="cloud_cost/run_now.png" alt="Click the Run Now button in export side panel to generate exports" style="width:40%;border:none" >}}
```

Reviewer: The image is not the best resolution; I would maybe retake it on your Mac screen (vs an external monitor), but with this resizing, it might be ok.

Author: updated!

Reviewer: Lovely, thank you!
